<h2 align="center"><b>SlobyBuilder</b>: ✨The reformed way of web development ✨</h2>
<p align="center"><i>Built by the FlurryGlo Developer Team (organization)</i></p>
<p align="center"> <a href="https://github.com/FlurryGlo/Sloby/blob/main/Contributing.md">Contribute for the Sloby</a></p>
<p align="center"> 
  <a href="github.com/FlurryGlo"> FlurryGlo Organization </a>
</p>

 <p align="center"><a href="github.com/FlurryGlo/slobypy">Related slobypy python framework</a></p>
 
 ## 📝 Table of Contents
- [🥅 Our goal](#goal)

## 🥅 Our Goal <a name = "goal"></a>

Hey, welcome here! This is a brief explanation of Sloby and its goal. The Sloby project is for helping small, mid-size or even big businesses with full suite for website building and management + email marketing and ad support. The Sloby started as an idea of website creation that I and my brother thought but it was converted to a more audience-targeted and more specific software. Our end goal is to convert this software into a successful software company. Let me give you a more detailed example of how our idea will help people and solve their problems: Let's say that you wanna build a one-page website for your graphic design business, but you don't have much money to do it and you don't know which service to choose. We could do it for 50$ or even less, these are the things that you would get: We would provide you with a very easy-to-handle and high-level editor with which you can build your website, and you would get a bunch of templates relating to what you'd do and you would get high customizability of what you are doing, we would even have a feature that you can build your website with by just choosing things that you like. You could make your dream website and upload it by clicking on one button in like 30 min or even less, and once you do your website and it is fully done and you are happy with it, you have another opportunity of getting feedback from your clients and advertise yourself easily(assuming that you are either a small or mid-size business and you wanna target your audience more and wanna advertise yourself as easy as possible), you'd get the opportunity of sending newsletters(formatted emails), people who are visiting your website are having the opportunity of subscribing to your newsletter by clicking on just one button, once they do that the platform that you manage will tell you and let you know that someone has joined.
By making it easier for people we would do another platform with which you could design newsletters, so the only thing that you have to worry about is the content that you are writing(but we might include an AI bot which helps you in copywriting or we might connect it with the openai chatgpt). Imagine that you have a platform where you can build your website in minutes and also get your clients to talk with you(sending updates, getting feedback), and all of this would happen on the platform that we are providing you with. So Imagine that completing a website and a manageable advertising system with your clients in just minutes, and you don't need to spend thousands of dollars on the website and you don't have to talk about email marketing companies, that would take you like 2000$. The reason why we decided to go with newsletters marketing is that they are popular and they are taking over the advertising industry and they are really easy to handle, This would truly help small and big businesses to grow their audiences and product... Also in terms of starting businesses, it would be the best for them since they could get their preparation and an advertising automated AI system in just minutes and for a very affordable price. Also, we might include different packages for different reasons, we might separate our customers and will have packages for each and depending on the quality of the package they would have different prices as well so that our costumers truly can target their goals. This would be our idea of the Sloby and this would be the goal for us.

</br>
</br>
If you wanna be the part of this process, and excited to be the part of an important purpose then check this out: 
 <h3> <a href="https://github.com/FlurryGlo/Sloby/blob/main/Contributing.md">Be the part of the Sloby</a> </h3>
